README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Color Codes
starting `P`: Red: #ef453a #bf1922

center `t`: darkish Oragne: #ef453a

last `t`: light orange: #f9af3d

data-aos="fade-left"

font: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Castoro+Titling

Changes

1. decrease herosection height
2. add bg image for the landing page first block "Welcome to iProtect Cybersecurity Services"
3. for testimonials add names to the CEO section 4. Threat advisories in footer after Weekly articles
4. increase the logo size.(done)

Done

1. iProtect Cybersecurity Services make margin less from both the sides.
2. Add CYber security training in homepage. refer docs. add it globally
3. refer .docx globally for new changes
4. all pages text alignment to the left
   mt-8 text-3xl leading-8 text-gray-600 aos-init aos-animate
5. add tel and email urls in contact page
6. change images for about us page

px-6 lg:px-8
text-amber-700
data-aos="fade-up"

25-04

for services add cover images in the top(done)
add tagline in contact, home page (Your Trusted Partner in Cybersecurity!)
3x3 grid in homepage services(done)

iProtect Cybersecurity services provide comprehensive solution to safeguard your organization against cyber threats. Our services are designed to provide you with round-the-clock monitoring capabilities, utilizing three tiers of monitoring, along with additional services such as Threat Hunting, SIEM Administration, Incident Response, and Threat Intelligence.

remove icons from homepage services(done)
make fullnaming for homepage services vapt siem etc(done)

increase the font size for logo, services, contact, about.

1402x640

26-04

1. video bg in first screen of landing page(done)
2. full text for home page services soc, siem, vapt, etc..
3. remove gradient orange and yellow(done)
4. use text color #021939 for all headings

all_heading

color match the services to contact and about
justify the content for all
change the dark color for the text (globally)
service page height:35rem also remove padding from parent element (py-16 sm:py-20)
Work with us content will be provided instead of dummy text

(done)
1.5rem to welcome to on home page(done)
What we offer and Key benefits make it side by side (2x2 grid)
-iProtect SOC(done)
-Security information and event management (SIEM)(done)
-iProtect Cyber Security Training(done)
-Vapt
mx-auto mt-8 max-w-2xl rounded-3xl ring-1 ring-gray-200 sm:mt-10 lg:mx-0 lg:flex lg:max-w-none px-8 pb-8
font size decrease by 2 points for landing page(done)
2 testimonials side by side (2x2 grid) (done)
navigation services links in red color use global color.(done)
add padding bottom to services page as its sticking to the footer(done)
done(service vapt images is looking double)
home page contact us image not aligned properly (Protect your digital world, with one click start using our services.)(done)

28-4
increase service font size in nav bar(done)
change color of service in nav bar(done)
homepage (Network Security: Our end-to-end network security solutions help safeguard your infrastructure against internal and external threats, identifying vulnerabilities in your network and providing recommendations) change the color to #021939(done)

Services page color keep same as landing page
add all points in one box instead of three box (single box for all pages )
apply contact us pages 3 boxes effect to key benefits and what we offer(done)
add box for staffing key benefits and what we offer(done)
Change color for sub services in key benefits and what we offer

10-05
text-sm to text-lg on service page(Done)
SIEM service page image(done)
add seperater in navigation bar after "iProtect Cybersecurity Services"(done)
about font refer SOC as a Service in about us page(Done)

17-05
nav should close
2 pages for weekly articles and threat
read more redirections not working in homepage
about us reference use same for services (implemented on cybersecurity services)

add contact us button in footer(done)
add text from document provided in teams for service page(done)
Testimoials make it up make it fancy(done)
add location in maps (2 location)(done)

Commit message:

last change remaining for navigation bar

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Color Codes
starting `P`: Red: #ef453a #bf1922

center `t`: darkish Oragne: #ef453a

last `t`: light orange: #f9af3d

data-aos="fade-left"

font: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Castoro+Titling

Changes

1. decrease herosection height
2. add bg image for the landing page first block "Welcome to iProtect Cybersecurity Services"
3. for testimonials add names to the CEO section 4. Threat advisories in footer after Weekly articles
4. increase the logo size.(done)

Done

1. iProtect Cybersecurity Services make margin less from both the sides.
2. Add CYber security training in homepage. refer docs. add it globally
3. refer .docx globally for new changes
4. all pages text alignment to the left
   mt-8 text-3xl leading-8 text-gray-600 aos-init aos-animate
5. add tel and email urls in contact page
6. change images for about us page

px-6 lg:px-8
text-amber-700
data-aos="fade-up"

25-04

for services add cover images in the top(done)
add tagline in contact, home page (Your Trusted Partner in Cybersecurity!)
3x3 grid in homepage services(done)

iProtect Cybersecurity services provide comprehensive solution to safeguard your organization against cyber threats. Our services are designed to provide you with round-the-clock monitoring capabilities, utilizing three tiers of monitoring, along with additional services such as Threat Hunting, SIEM Administration, Incident Response, and Threat Intelligence.

remove icons from homepage services(done)
make fullnaming for homepage services vapt siem etc(done)

increase the font size for logo, services, contact, about.

1402x640

26-04

1. video bg in first screen of landing page(done)
2. full text for home page services soc, siem, vapt, etc..
3. remove gradient orange and yellow(done)
4. use text color #021939 for all headings

all_heading

color match the services to contact and about
justify the content for all
change the dark color for the text (globally)
service page height:35rem also remove padding from parent element (py-16 sm:py-20)
Work with us content will be provided instead of dummy text

(done)
1.5rem to welcome to on home page(done)
What we offer and Key benefits make it side by side (2x2 grid)
-iProtect SOC(done)
-Security information and event management (SIEM)(done)
-iProtect Cyber Security Training(done)
-Vapt
mx-auto mt-8 max-w-2xl rounded-3xl ring-1 ring-gray-200 sm:mt-10 lg:mx-0 lg:flex lg:max-w-none px-8 pb-8
font size decrease by 2 points for landing page(done)
2 testimonials side by side (2x2 grid) (done)
navigation services links in red color use global color.(done)
add padding bottom to services page as its sticking to the footer(done)
done(service vapt images is looking double)
home page contact us image not aligned properly (Protect your digital world, with one click start using our services.)(done)

28-4
increase service font size in nav bar(done)
change color of service in nav bar(done)
homepage (Network Security: Our end-to-end network security solutions help safeguard your infrastructure against internal and external threats, identifying vulnerabilities in your network and providing recommendations) change the color to #021939(done)

Services page color keep same as landing page
add all points in one box instead of three box (single box for all pages )
apply contact us pages 3 boxes effect to key benefits and what we offer(done)
add box for staffing key benefits and what we offer(done)
Change color for sub services in key benefits and what we offer

10-05
text-sm to text-lg on service page(Done)
SIEM service page image(done)
add seperater in navigation bar after "iProtect Cybersecurity Services"(done)
about font refer SOC as a Service in about us page(Done)

17-05

add contact us button in footer(done)
add text from document provided in teams for service page(done)
Testimoials make it up make it fancy(done)
add location in maps (2 location)(done)
read more redirections not working in homepage(done)

22-05
nav should close on redirects
2 pages for weekly articles and threat
Homepage video(done)
gap between testimonials and contact(done)
Increase button size in navigation(done)
icons for services home page(done)
Remove black from video keep white (done)
about us reference use same for services (implemented on cybersecurity services)(done)
make capitlise for testiominials names
